On November 30, according to Tagandra Grascha, convicted 16 of Jehovah's Witnesses on criminal charges.
Four elders of the local congregation of Jehovah's Witnesses were sentenced to more than 5 years in prison and find 100,000 rubles each, which is over 1,400 euros or more than 1,500 US dollars each.
The elders were convicted simply because they organized congregation meetings.
The same wholesome Bible education programs that you brothers and sisters worldwide attend each week.
Twelve other members of the congregation were also heavily fined, merely for attending those meetings.
The judge immediately suspended the sentences, so no not the defendants will go to jail or have to pay fines for now.
However, we await details as to what these suspended sentences will mean for our brothers and sisters in the future.
While we are happy, but our brothers will not be imprisoned, we are deeply disturbed at Russian authorities are misplying the law on extremism to punish individuals for worship.
It is recognized around the world that Jehovah's Witnesses are a peace-loving religious community.
In harmony with what Jehovah teaches us, we love our neighbors to equate our Bible-based beliefs with religious extremism, particularly in light of current events, is in the front.
Not only to the congregation in Tagandra Grascha, but to each one of Jehovah's Witnesses around the world.
We will appeal this verdict to higher Russian courts. We hope that fair-minded authorities in Russia will be moved to correct the injustices done to our brothers in Tagandrog and other Russian cities.
As admonished in first Timothy chapter 2 verses 1 and 2, Jehovah's Witnesses around the world pray that the authorities in Russia will allow the congregation to go on leading a calm and quiet life with complete, godly devotion and seriousness.
But no matter what happens, we will never renounce our faith or stop worshipping Jehovah merely to appease any local authority.
Please, keep our dear brothers in Tagandrog in your prayers.
We are confident that Jehovah's Hand is never too short to save, and that He will rescue people of godly devotion out of trial.
Our hearts and prayers unite with our fellow witnesses in Tagandrog and across Russia.
Like them, we are confident that Jehovah, the judge of all the earth, will ensure that justice ultimately prevails.